good morning ladies that couldn't shoot
my face and show you exactly what I'm
doing so you're just gonna see the
bottom half of my activity I wanted to
go over my morning breakfast with you
ladies just to get a more hands-on view
of how I prep my meals Thanks
so what I did I have my spinach edges I
have one green in Morni so I fill up the
containers that's it really well and
dump it onto the pan so I already have
it on the pan and I just season it with
a little bit of pepper salt and pepper
very light and a serving of protein so
one serving of protein is two whole eggs
by the way I use organic olive oil spray
just like and these are raised eggs if
he likes his scrambled so and I have
hung it on a low heat so that Wow the
eggs are cooking I mix it all together
with the spinach slowly cookie and this
low heat will help them retain warm its
nutrients and they'll be fluffy or at
the end so while they're finishing
cooking
I have also one carb so here's my yellow
container and I measure it out now I
already have all the quinoa precooked
precooked so in the morning I just
portion out and pour it onto the plate
so this is mine I get one portion of
carbs in the morning and Ray gets two so
my hands are clean by the way I do wash
my hands right where's their cooking um
if not I'll just add a little bit of
flavor okay so I pour it out scoop it
portion out and I don't cut myself any
slack so I take the edges out
and so that's done close it put it back
in the fridge and I also have one
portion of fruit in the morning so what
I do is I just I don't really have to
cut the whole banana on video but no I
put the banana on there and I get one
serving by this time okay I get one
portion of fat or two tablespoons
actually I have my two tablespoons of
almond butter in the morning and so I
have it right here
easy access my drawer to Table two
teaspoons and I definitely don't want to
cut myself any slack with this because
this is what my weakness is almond
butter so and yeah I have it I have
everything cold I don't want to keep
reheating and messing with the nutrient
content so you can heat it up a little
bit have it a little bit warm if you'd
like
it's your choice and again rates too so
I have my I need get top of banana as
well so that's typically my morning
routine and I eat this breakfast every
day like I've mentioned before I like to
keep things simple and just manageable
and I know that this is an easy
breakfast for us everyday and it